**STAR WARS QUIZ APP QUESTIONS**


QUESTION ONE:
Who said to who "You stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder!"
a. Han to Obi-Wan-Kenobi
b. Luke to R2 unit with the bad motivator
c. Princess Leia to Han Solo
d. C3PO to Chewbacca

Answer:  c; Princess Leia said this to Han Solo. A "Nerf Herder" is a redneck of the Star Wars Universe. He is skilled in many rustic activities and knowledgeable in the ways of farm work


QUESTION TWO:
On which planet would you find Cloud City?
a. Bespin
b. Tatooine
c. Hoth
d. Dagobah

Answer: a; Bespin was a gas giant in the Bespin system. It was also a major source of tibanna gas, which was refined for production and transport in numerous mining operations including Cloud City and Tibannopolis


QUESTION THREE:
How is George Lucas said to have given R2-D2 his name?
a. From a film editing abbreviation - Reel 2, Dialogue 2
b. It was from his postcode
c. It was part of the number plate from his grandpa's car
d. Using a random number and letter generator

Answer: a; The name R2D2 originated from Walter Murch, the cutter of Lucas' second movie American Graffiti. When cutting the movie together with Lucas, Walter Murch asked for "R2, D2" --meaning "Reel 2, Dialog 2".


QUESTION FOUR:
In the earliest outlines for the sequel, what was Yoda originally called?
a. Mace
b. Buffy
c. Wally
d. Echo

Answer: b; In Lucas’ original draft for the film, the creature we lovingly know as Yoda was in fact named Buffy. Lucas describes the character as “Buffy very old – three or four thousand years. Kiber crystal in sword? Buffy shows Luke? Buffy the guardian. Feel not think.’”


QUESTION FIVE:
Which character was originally written as a “green-skinned guy with no nose and large gills"?
a. Chewbacca
b. Gredo
c. Yoda
d. Han Solo

Answer: d; Han Solo was originally supposed to be a green-skinned alien with gills and no nose.


QUESTION SIX:
From which planet is Han Solo?
a. Endor
b. Tatooine
c. Dagobah
d. Corellia

Answer: d; Han Solo was a Human smuggler from the manufacturing planet Corellia who achieved galactic fame as a member of the Rebel Alliance and later the New Republic. Born on Corellia, he was orphaned at an early age and taken by the pirate Garris Shrike to serve on his crew.


QUESTION SEVEN:
What gives a lightsaber its color?
a. Crystals
b. The personality of the owner
c. The Force
d. The mood of the owner
Answer: a; As a rite of pass, young Jedi Knights are required to search for lightsaber crystal to build their first lightsabers. These crystals and how they "tune" with the Jedi, give the lightsaber it's color.


QUESTION EIGHT:
Which of the Star Wars films is longest?
a. Episode IV: A New Hope
b. Episode III: Revenge of the Sith
c. Episode II: Attack of the Clones
d. Episode VI: Return of the Jedi

Answer: c; Attack of the Clones is the fifth film to be released in the Star Wars saga and the second in terms of the series's internal chronology. At 142 minutes, it is the longest film in the series.


QUESTION NINE:
In the 1978 Star War Holiday Special. Why are Chewbacca and Han Solo trying to get home to Chewbacca's Family?
a. Christmas Day
b. Life Day
c. Chewbacca's mother's birthday
d. Thanksgiving

Answer: b; The Star Wars Holiday Special consisted of a frame story in which Han and Chewbacca must prevent Darth Vader from spoiling Life Day, and get home to be with Chewbacca's family. It aired only once.


QUESTION TEN:
In The Empire Strikes Back, which creatures attach themselves to the Millennium Falcon?
a. Ewoks
b. Mynocks
c. Tusken raiders
d. Banthas

Answer: b; A mynock was a silicon-based parasitical organism found across the galaxy that was often seen leeching power from spacecraft. In addition, they could absorb matter from a ship's hull causing it to breach, and if not caught in time, cause catastrophic failure.
